Made some corrections in the documentation. (#508)
AMReX-Combustion/PeleC: Docs/sphinx/GettingStarted.rst

  * To set initial values on the grid (`pc_initdata`)
  * Problem teardown (`pc_prob_close`)

> **prob.H** -- prob.H header file is normally used to define the user-defined embedded boundary class, if any. It is also used to define the solution initialisation and boundary condition implementation functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**prob.H** -- This header file is used to define the the solution initialization and other user-defined, problem specific functions (optional): boundary conditions, tagging, post-restart, post-init, post-timestep, and embedded boundary class.
```

> **prob_parm.H** -- Used to define problem specific parameters and their values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**prob_parm.H** -- This header file is used to define problem specific parameters and their values.
```
